+++
title = "2021"
date = "2021-01-01"
author = "Reese Gerjekian"
subtitle = "Words of Wisdom & Stupidity in 2021"
+++

1. “Patience enables us to hold onto our desires” Reese Gerjekian (1/5/2021)
2. “I like to say I do nothing because I’m always doing something different” Reese Gerjekian (1/5/2021)
3. “One things for certain in this world, we know nothing” Reese Gerjekian (1/10/2021)
4. “A world full of desire leads to war, a world full of war leads to ruin, a world full of ruin leads to desire” Reese Gerjekian (1/10/2021)
5. “Whose to say your opinions wrong but yourself” Reese Gerjekian (1/14/2021)
6. “People sometimes choose to love you for who you are or just for what they see” Reese Gerjekian (1/20/2021)
7. “I’m not selfish for my personal gain, I feel major altruism in me” Reese Gerjekian (1/31/2021)
8. “If you think you’re a winner over others, you’re already losing” Reese Gerjekian (2/8/2021)
9. “Depression is just thoughts of the past, Anxiety is just thoughts of the future. Don’t look at them as a bad thing, just be yourself and listen to them.” Reese Gerjekian (2/11/2021)
10. “Understanding doesn’t happen in a day.” Reese Gerjekian (3/19/2021)
11. **Ride the Wave**
```python
print("ride the wave")
while True:
    print("we all sprout and grow, we all peak and fall")
Author = Reese Gerjekian 
Date = (3/26/2021)
```
12. “We don’t choose to see or to listen, but we do choose to speak” - Reese Gerjekian (4/21/2021)
13. “Any pawn in this life can be promoted, any pawn in this life can be sacrificed” - Reese Gerjekian (4/21/2021)
14. “I dont love one because I love all” - Reese Gerjekian (5/22/2021)
15. “Wealth stems from a need for less” - Reese Gerjekian (5/24/2021)
16. “The past was the present and the future” - Reese Gerjekian (6/6/2021)
17. “A storm is good. Wait it out and help others through it. The good and the bad are one and the same.” - Reese Gerjekian (6/25/21)
18. “Every strong idea has a weakness. Every weakness can be healed, creating a scar and another weakness. Life yet death.” - Reese Gerjekian (7/8/21)
19. “I feel hatred and anger towards my father. I love my father, but hate his actions. It’s hard to love someone when you hate the person they are. Maybe he hates my actions? It’s hard to hate someone when you love them. I feel love and remorse towards my father.” Reese Gerjekian (7/8/21)
20. “Love can be temporary, but not with blood in my experience.” Reese Gerjekian (7/9/21)
21. “Through misery, become silent and determined. Don’t become an uproar.” Reese Gerjekian (7/15/21)
22. “There’s much going on in our head, that it’s hard to party with groups. We enjoy researching, not partying, in an effort to make an impact in all groups future.” Reese Gerjekian (7/18/21)
23. “We grow ourselves as the people we want to be; Our knowledge, wisdom, ignorance, and stupidity will make an impact in our lives and most importantly be passed onto all.” Reese Gerjekian (7/18/21)
24. “I see the potential in others that they cannot notice within themselves” Reese Gerjekian (7/22/21)
25. “I really hope my hard work pays off.. I want to die full of knowledge, but not alone.”  Reese Gerjekian (7/23/21)
26. “Words that may seem wise at one point in time may not seem so wise in your future. You're experience, knowledge, and judgment in life will grow if you choose to grow with them.” Reese Gerjekian (08/02/21)
27. “Not all things in the past should be remembered or forgotten” Reese Gerjekian (8/5/21)
28. “Document everything you enjoy, whether it’s your own writing, photos, videos, etc.; your personal documents can turn into future projects to make a mark in this world” Reese Gerjekian (8/6/21)
29. “Your worst experiences should shine light upon greater” Reese Gerjekian (8/6/21)
30. “You gotta get scared to steer straight” Reese Gerjekian (8/6/21)
31. “You should choose to shine light on perspectives that lack understanding” Reese Gerjekian (8/10/21)
32. “Don’t insult others sentiments” Reese Gerjekian (8/14/21)
33. **The Endlessness of Time Concept**: Our continuous pursuit for improvement and the deep connections we hold with others propel us to always strive for more. This relentless quest ensures that time never ceases, as our efforts and aspirations keep it in motion. Reese Gerjekian (8/19/21)
34. “Opinion’s can raise many egos as well as destroy them” Reese Gerjekian (8/26/21)
35. “The only way to conquer fear is through fear itself” Reese Gerjekian (8/26/21)
36. “Morality is science” Reese Gerjekian (9/4/21)
37. **Choose Love or Hate**
```python
Love = 9
person_one = 1
while person_one == 1:
    CHOICE = input('Choose Love or Hate: ')
    if CHOICE == 'Love':
        person_one = person_one + Love
        print(person_one)
        person_one = person_one - Love
    elif CHOICE == 'Hate':
        person_one = person_one - 1
        break
    else:
        print('Thinking…')
        continue
print(person_one)
"""
When love fills your thoughts and heart, it thrives, like having a 'zero' by your side—bringing balance and joy. But if hate enters the picture, it disrupts this harmony, nullifying love's power.
"""
```
38. “Nothing right is ever easy” Reese Gerjekian (9/10/21)
39. “A frightening frame of mind is when yourself is speaking hate to yourself about yourself” Reese Gerjekian (10/3/21)
40. “The what if’s are always answered with more what if’s” Reese Gerjekian (10/4/21)
41. “You should like what you like because you like it” Reese Gerjekian (10/6/21)
42. “Even a dead tree can still stand tall” Reese Gerjekian (10/13/21)
43. “To trust others is to grow past distrust” Reese Gerjekian (10/13/21)
44. “Love isn’t impatient” Reese Gerjekian (10/21/21)
45. “Be like a tree; it always grows out from its foundation, but sticks with it ” Reese Gerjekian (10/26/21)
46. “Just because you once had a falling out doesn’t mean you should hold a grudge” Reese Gerjekian (10/27/21)
47. “What I understand may be something you don’t, even when you do understand” Reese Gerjekian (11/1/21)
48. “Why speak about the bad when you can talk about all the good it brought you?” Reese Gerjekian (11/1/21)
49. “Never push someone down when they’re already down; you will be below them” Reese Gerjekian (11/1/21)
50. “I believe in something, that may be nothing, but i believe” Reese Gerjekian (11/15/21)
51. “Speak and listen to others with caution, as too much can lead to a dishonest mind and too little, despair.” Reese Gerjekian (11/15/21)
52. “I believe in what the gods believe in, not the gods. Read that again.” Reese Gerjekian (11/19/21)
53. “As time passes, you may forget some of your past mindsets; retention is key for the valuable perspectives” Reese Gerjekian (11/24/21)