+++
title = "2023"
date = "2023-01-01"
author = "Reese Gerjekian"
subtitle = "Words of Wisdom & Stupidity in 2023"
+++

1. “Hope to find peace in your work, or you’ll continue to work for your peace” Reese Gerjekian (1/25/23)
2. “It will go if you let it” Reese Gerjekian (3/8/23)
3. “A life of certain peace is never found due to the curiosity of others” Reese Gerjekian (3/17/23)
4. “Sometimes what you want is not what is right” Reese Gerjekian (3/17/23)
5. “Life’s too pretty to be upset by it” Reese Gerjekian (3/19/23)
6. “Life will run its course whether you let it or not, so just let it” Reese Gerjekian (3/28/23)
7. “Beautiful things are going to come and go, but cherishing them when they do come and long after they go is what will build a strong and loving mindset” Reese Gerjekian (4/18/23)
8. “You should grow in retrospect. If you step forward twice and backward once, you’re still stepping forward.” Reese Gerjekian (4/26/23)
9. “The sun and all other stars still shine even when we cannot see them” Reese Gerjekian (4/30/23)
10. “It takes heart to do something you know is essential yet dreadful” Reese Gerjekian (5/3/23)
11. “Simple is beautiful” Reese Gerjekian (5/13/23)
12. “True peace is the unknown” Reese Gerjekian (5/23/23)
13. “Finding success in one’s failures is what makes one successful” Reese Gerjekian (5/26/23)
14. “Teach when taught, listen when not” Reese Gerjekian (5/29/23)
15. “There’s this feeling of sacrifice for others accompanied by guilt when I cannot.” Reese Gerjekian (6/21/23)
16. “Many good things come from shifts in perspective.” Reese Gerjekian (6/23/23)
17. “Don’t let negativity of others cloud your judgement” Reese Gerjekian (7/12/23)
18. “Just because you’ve thought it doesn’t always mean you should intend to do it.” Reese Gerjekian  (7/13/2023)
19. “What to do when nothing means everything and everything means nothing?’ Reese Gerjekian (7/23/2023)
20. “There’s no game to life, only the ones we create” Reese Gerjekian (7/25/2023)
21. “Words only mean something when we make them” Reese Gerjekian (7/25/2023)
22. “Time is only limited to what you limit it to.” Reese Gerjekian (7/30/2023)
23. “Practicing your perceived sense of peace is the closest to eternal peace itself before rest.” Reese Gerjekian (8/14/2023)
24. “We may not be meant for happiness, but we are meant to give some to others.” Reese Gerjekian (8/18/2023)
25. “Thoughts don’t always mean action” Reese Gerjekian (8/20/2023)
26. “Beautiful things are simple amongst the chaos” Reese Gerjekian (9/1/2023)
27. “You can only rid yourself of sadness through sadness itself” Reese Gerjekian (9/1/2023)
28. “The freshest air comes from a gloomy day” Reese Gerjekian (9/26/2023)
29. “Focus on now and not what you wish you could have done different” Reese Gerjekian (12/11/2023)
30. “Never let the ignorance of others ruin your happiness” Reese Gerjekian (12/19/2023)
31. “My true essence defies the limits of language, making the identity I profess merely a shadow of my authentic self.” Reese Gerjekian (12/22/2023)
32. “Not silent from uncertainty but from intention, I anchor myself in the present, letting go of past tides and future storms, cherishing life with love and kindness in its purest form.” Reese Gerjekian (12/27/2023)
33. “By weaving threads of the past’s lessons and the future’s dreams into the tapestry of the now, we create a present rich with wisdom and bright with purpose.” Reese Gerjekian (12/27/2023)
