+++
title = "2024"
date = "2024-01-01"
author = "Reese Gerjekian"
subtitle = "Words of Wisdom & Stupidity in 2024"
+++

1. “Through the lens of growth, our spoken truths may persist or falter, implying that the choice of silence can be a profound beacon, preventing misguided influence.” Reese Gerjekian (1/24/2024)
2. “Love between us can break the wall history built, even if it never goes away.” Reese Gerjekian (1/27/2024)
3. “Don’t let the worries of time hinder your soul” Reese Gerjekian (2/22/2024)
4. “The hatred of others fuels my thoughts of hate, and I hate that” Reese Gerjekian (3/1/2024)
5. “Maybe it’s not something you missed, but rather something that has yet to be found” Reese Gerjekian (3/12/2024)
6. “There’s a place between good and bad, a state of nothingness that holds everything” Reese Gerjekian (3/13/2024)
7. “Some see beauty in everything and, in times of sorrow, carry the burden for those who don’t.” Reese Gerjekian (3/16/2024)
8. “Where limits end, nature’s true spirit begins to unfold.” Reese Gerjekian (3/28/2024)
9. "Not every hangout needs to be a production; sometimes, the most memorable times are the ones where we just get to be ourselves." Reese Gerjekian (5/1/2024)
10. “Memories aren't lost, there are just too many to keep track of.” Reese Gerjekian (5/12/2024)
11. "Thoughts alone are powerless until you act upon them." Reese Gerjekian (5/13/2024)
12. “Be your own person, not a reflection of others.” Reese Gerjekian (5/22/2024)
13. “It’s not about what we do right, it’s about trying not to do wrong” Reese Gerjekian (6/2/2024)
14. “Concentrate on making the habit regular before concerning yourself with the time you perform it.” Reese Gerjekian (6/12/2024)
15. “Nerves are just negative excitement.” Reese Gerjekian (6/14/2024)
16. “Misunderstandings can lead to disagreements, only to reveal later that common ground was always there.” Reese Gerjekian (6/15/2024)
17. “Our thoughts hold power, regardless of whether we act upon them.” Reese Gerjekian (6/21/2024)
18. “You only know what I’m thinking because either I thought it before, or your assumption made me think it. Whether I thought it before or after your assumption, it became a thought.” Reese Gerjekian (6/21/2024)
19. [“Thoughts are just thought from thinking about what was thought.” Reese Gerjekian (6/21/2024)](/quote/index.html)
20. “Sometimes even at are best, we don’t win.” Reese Gerjekian (6/22/2024)